dotdigital updates for 2.4.3 release (#1315)
magento/merchdocs: src/configuration/dotdigital/automation.md

|Order Status|Website|Determines the order status that is associated with the review reminder. Options: Pending / Processing / Suspected Fraud / Complete / Closed / Canceled / On Hold|
|Delay Period (Days)|Website|Determines the number of days after the order status setting goes into effect that the reminder email is sent. Options: 1 - 7 / 16 / 30 / 60 / 90|
|Campaign to send|Website|Specifies the automated campaign that is triggered when the conditions are met. Options: (Active campaigns and automation programs)|

> |Link to product page|Website|Determines if the 'Leave a review' link should go to the product page for reviews (default is the product review page). Options: Yes / No|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Link to product page|Website|Determines if the _Leave a review_ link should go to the product page for reviews (default is the product review page). Options: Yes / No|
```
